Zheng Lu

5/4/17
Goal for today: Create the general layout of the website, choose any themes and colors that the website will primarily be based on and maybe start coding if I have time.

Progress: Started the outline of the website and the very basic template of a html file.

Plans: Refresh my knowledge on Javascript, CSS, SQL, and PHP and complete the outline.

5/5/17
Goals for today: master the language of SQL.

Progress: studied SQL, made folders for future files, added on to index page and login page.

Plans: Create a database for the website.

5/8/17
Goals for today: finish functionality of the login page.

Pogress: created a database, fixed css of login page.

Plans: finish the login page.

5/9/17
Goals for today: finish login page and connect to database.

Progress: fixed login page problems and css. I forgot my database at home and had to do with my memory. Started index page.

Plans: bring database and create the first user entries.

5/10/17
Goals for today: work on the sql to get the websites of the user.

Progress: added sql statements to get websites and working on putting the information into an object.

Plans: finish creating the objects.

5/11/17
Goals for today: sql

Progress: created my first user in the database and added entires to the other tables so I will be able to see if my sql is getting the           information from the database.

Plans: finish the sql to get the websites.

5/12/17
Goals for today: finish the sql to get the websites.

Progress: finally got the website from the database and have passed it to javascript so it can be displayed on the user's screen.

Plans: create the header tabs and fix css of index page.

5/15/17
Goals for today: create the header tabs based on the websites obtained from the database.

Progress: created the header tabs and displayed them on the screen.

Plans: when users hover over the header tab, the websites for that header will appear in the body of the page.

5/16/17
Goals for today: put the websites on screen when the user hover overs the header tab.

Progress: ran into problems with the database for future plans so I spent the entire class recreating the database.

Plans: finish database and continue with the main page.

5/17/17
Goals for today: forgot my usb today so I am going to study on Chrome extensions.

Progress: successfully created a contextMenu for any selected text or link on a page.

Plans: learn how to get the data into my database so it will be displayed on the main website.

5/22/17
Goals for today: continue learning about Chrome extentsions.

Progress: found a great youtube tutorial about connecting the extension to a database

Plans: connect the extension to the database

5/23/17
Goals for today: connect the extentsion to the server and database

Progress: I am having difficulty connecting to localhost and it seems like someone broke Wamp on this computer so I need to test this at home.

Plans: connect the extension to the database!

5/25/17
Goals for today: take a break from the extension and focus on the main website

Progress: rewrote the database another time and since Wamp on this computer is broken, I will have to test my code at home. So with the rest of the time I have left, I worked on the css for the website display.

Plans: test sql at home and finish up css for the website display.

5/26/17
Goals for today: Work on the front end of the website.

Progress: finished the css for the website display, added a temporary background and started on the css for the header tabs.

Plans: finish up the css for header and start with the toolbar.

5/30/17
Goals for today: add a way to delete the websites

Progress: decided on a drag and drop solution to delete websites. It can also be used to swap the positions of websites and headers.

Plans: finish the drag and drop.

5/31/17
Goals for today: finish the drag and drop for the website and header tabs.

Progress: users can now add new header tabs and can delete them as well.

Plans: add a way to edit websites or tabs if they made a mistake

6/1/17
Goals for today: fix the css of the user settings when it appears on screen.

Progress: fixed user settings and started on the edit function.

Plans: finish the edit function.

6/2/17
Goals for today: start public headers.

Progress: started the search function.

Plans: finish search function.

6/5/17
Goals for today: work on the public header search function.

Progress: fixed some issues on deleting headers with the same name. Started working on the css for public header search results.

Plans: finish the css and get the search function working.
